What was the most important discovery that led to the understanding that Earth 's lithosphere is separated into tectonic plates ?
What is another word for the Earth 's upper mantle ?
What is another word for seafloor spreading ?
What direction do sea currents and seafloor spreading always move in ?
What is another term for sea currents ?
What is the lower thermal boundary layer called ?
What are the lithosphere and asthenosphere called when coupled together ?
What type of fault boundary is defined by having widespread powerful earthquakes , as in the state of California ?
Whose theory was the theory of continental drift ?
What did the theory regarding the San Andreas fault do ?
Who discovered plate tectonics ?
Why was Wegener 's theory important for understanding the lithosphere ?
What happens when one plate touches another ?
What types of waves do seismologists use to image the interior of the Earth ?
In the layered model of the Earth , the outermost layer is what ?
In the layered model of the Earth , the mantle has two layers below it . What are they ?
In the layered model of the Earth there are seismic discontinuities in which layer ?
Recently a more detailed model of the Earth was developed . Seismologists were able to create this using images of what from the interior of the Earth ?
What was not able to see through the dense solid core of the Earth ?
By how many kilometers are shear waves separated when measuring the crust ?
In the layered Earth model , what is the inner core separated by ?
What is the outer core called ?
What is the size of the mantle ?
How quickly to wave speeds inside the earth move ?
Why is the second timeline needed ?
What is the name of the latest epoch ?
The Pleistocene epoch takes place during which period ?
Why is the most recent era expanded in the first scale ?
Why is the Holocene not shown clearly on the first timeline ?
What is the largest eon ?
Which timeline is the most accurate ?
What is the name of the epoch expanded in the second scale ?
Finding what helps to determine if a fault is a normal fault or a thrust fault ?
What needs to be found to find out if rocks are related ?
What does cutting a key bed help an older rock form ?
Why are cut rocks on top of a fault younger than the fault ?
What is a thrust fault ?
What is another word for inclusions in sedimentary rocks ?
Where is the gravel from that is found in xenoliths ?
What is another word for xenoliths ?
What is another name a formation ?
Whose principles were the principle of faunal succession built upon ?
The fact that not all fossils may be found globally at the same time causes the principle to become what ?
The principle of faunal succession was developed 100 years before whose theory of evolution ?
Where can sedimentary rock not be found at the same time ?
What is one uncertainty about the theory of evolution that makes it complex ?
When was Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution published ?
Who wrote the principles of faunal succession ?
The principles of succession are dependent on what thought ?
What type of correlation was used previously to help date rock formations ?
Previous to isotopic dating sections of rocks had to be dated using fossils and stratigraphic correlation relative to what ?
When dating rocks , what is the absolute isotopic date applied to ?
What can scientists apply relative rock sections to to find isotopes ?
What did stratigraphic correlation replace ?
Absolute ages had to be converted into what ?
What techniques can be used to determine paleotopography ?
What are crystal lattices measured in ?
What is one thing ash layers can be used to determine in a crystal lattice ?
What is the crystal lattice made out of ?
What does paleotopography study ?
What determines the temperature profile outside of the crust ?
Rock units become thicker and shorten when placed under what type of compression ?
If the tops of the rock units within the folds remain pointing upwards , they are called what ?
What are two ways that mud does n't change in volume ?
What happens deeper in the Earth where brittle deformation occurrs ?
What behaviour causes rocks deeper in the earth to fault instead of folding ?
Stretched rocks that pinch into lenses are known by what word ?
Rocks that are a depth where they are ductilely stretched are also often what ?
What is another word for thinning rocks in French ?
What happens to sediment layers that are also thinning ?
What places younger units above older units ?
How long is a boudin ?
How long is the Maria Fold ?
Where does extension occur ?
What was the stretched sequence in the Grand Canyon named ?
What is another word for long , planar igneous intrusions ?
What type of gradients are formed by faulting and other deformational processes ?
What events are often associated with volcanism and igneous activity ?
What does continuous motion along dike swarms create for sediment to be deposited ?
The creation of topographic gradients causes what ?
What causes the topographic gradients to collapse ?
What is another name for a deformational event ?
What is another name for a dike swarm ?
What is the oldest known rock in the world ?
What type of rock is found at the Grand Canyon ?
The rocks at the Grand Canyon have been in place since when ?
What is hard to find about the origin of Grand Canyon rock unless analyzed in a lab ?
What area in northwestern Canada has almost-undeformed stacks of sedimentary rock ?
What is the youngest rock to metamorphosize ?
What was formed after the undeformed units were deposited ?
What is petrology ?
What is stratigraphy ?
What modern formations do geologists study ?
What is another word for the study of past and current life ?
What method studies the positions of glaciers and their subsurface ?
What are biogeochemical pathways ?
What do geologists use to investigate the surface ?
What ancient property do geologists study ?
What type of microscope is used by petrologists ?
What equipment is used to identify individual crystals ?
What is used to view the properties of crystals ?
What does optical microscopy identify about individual locations ?
What kind of rock samples are analyzed by an electron microprobe ?
What lens is used to identify chemical composition ?
How else can petrologists understand the temperature at which different mineral phases appear ?
What experiments are used to understand how magma flows ?
What can experiments be used to explain beside magma crystallization ?
What kind of experiments of rock deformation do structural geologists perform ?
What experiments are used to reconstruct rock fabric ?
What information does history of rock deformation give about crystal structure ?
What experiment can be performed on large settings that can not be on small settings ?
Zones in which mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries are called what ?
Horizontal layers of what are pulled along a surface into a back stop in analog versions of orogenic wedge experiments ?
What does critically tapered mean ?
Which is more sophisticated , numericals model or an analog models of orogenic wedges ?
What do orogenic wedges work in the same way as ?
What are analog models often considered as compared to orogenic wedges ?
How do studies give information about tectonic plate boundaries ?
What are horizontal layers of sand called ?
What type of surveys show the location of stratigraphic units in the subsurface ?
What can be combined with geophysical data to produce a better view of the subsurface ?
What tool do stratigraphers use to see their data in three dimensions ?
Stratigraphers try to locate areas for what types of extraction ?
What shows the location of drill cores ?
What computer program allows stratigraphers to view the subsurface in three dimensions ?
Who analyzes rock samples from drill cores in the lab ?
Who dates rocks , precisely , within the stratigraphic section ?
Living from 973–1048 CE he was one of the earliest Persian geologists , what was his name ?
In China , this person inferred that the land was formed by erosion of the mountains and by silt deposition , what was his name ?
This person proposed explanations for the origins of earthquakes and the formation of mountains , what was his name ?
Where did Ibna Sina believe the origin of geology science was ?
One of the earliest writings on India written by Fielding H. Garrison hypothesized what ?
What literature did Fielding H. Garrison draw from that was n't destroyed by Muslims ?
What did Abu al-Rayhan al-Biruni base his writings on ?
James Hutton published a 2 volume version of his theories in what year ?
When was James Hutton born ?
When was the Royal Society of Edinburgh founded ?
When was James Hutton born ?
When was the Royal Society of Edinburgh formed ?
When did Hutton die ?
Who produced the first geological map of the U.S. ?
In what year was the first geological map of the U.S. produced ?
In what year did William Maclure begin the process of creating the first geological map of the U.S. ?
When was the American Philosophical Society created ?
What did William Smith cross about 50 times ?
When was the first geological map of the entire earth created ?
How many times did Maclure cross the Union states ?
Who published William Smith 's geological map ?
When did the American Philosophical Society enlist Maclure to make the geological survey ?
How many years later was Maclure 's memoir published after the map ?
Which theory states that Earth 's features remained unchanged after forming in one single catastrophic event ?
Which famous evolutionist was influenced by the book Principles of Geology ?
What does catastrophism believe is still occurring today ?
What did Hutton believe was formed in one catastrophic event ?
When was Sir Charles Lyell born ?
Whom was Charles Lyell influenced by ?
What word is the word pharmacy taken from ?
What type of professionals are pharmacists ?
What other role do many pharmacists play ?
What type of professionals do pharmacists lack ?
What other role do many pharmacists avoid ?
What is the name of the Latin translation of Dioscorides ' book ?
What term resulted from Dioscorides ' book ?
How were the men who did tasks like those of today 's pharmacists viewed in Japan in the Asuka and Nara periods ?
Where did the pharmacist stand in relation to the Emperor 's personal physicians ?
Where did the pharmacist stand in relation to the Emperor ?
What role was not respected during the Asuka period ?
Who authored the Liber servitoris ?
Which two compounds did Al-Muwaffaq differentiate between ?
Who wrote about the distillation of drinking water from sea water ?
Who could n't read the Liber servitoris ?
Who wrote about the distillation of sea water from drinking water ?
Which two compounds did Al-Muwaffaq combine ?
How far does one pharmacy in Croatia date back to ?
In what year is the oldest pharmacy said to have been established ?
What year is the oldest pharmacy said to have been lost ?
What is the dispensary subject to in a majority of countries ?
What is the dispensary subject to in a minority of countries ?
When was ambulatory care pharmacy approved as its own certification ?
What entities are included in the federal health care system ?
When was ambulatory care pharmacy rejected as its own certification ?
What entities are not included in the federal health care system ?
What are internet pharmacies also called ?
What are internet pharmacies never called ?
What is one country that has been suggested for importation of medicines ?
What is one country that ca n't be suggested for importation of medicines ?
How fast is pharmacy informatics growing ?
How many drugs approved by the FDA in 2013 were specialty drugs ?
How many drugs approved by the FDA in 2011 were specialty drugs ?
What body has stated that physicians can also dispense drugs under specific conditions ?
What body has stated that physicians ca n't dispense drugs under specific conditions ?
What is the minimum distance between a patient 's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician to give out medication ?
What is the minimum distance between a patient 's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician in Austria to give out medicine ?
What is the maximum distance between a patient 's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician to give out medication ?
What is the maximum distance between a patient 's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician in Austria to give out medicine ?
Who pays Australian pharmacists for doing Home Medicines Reviews ?
Who ca n't pay Australian pharmacists for doing Home Medicines Reviews ?
What symbol was employed until early in the 20th century ?
What symbol was employed until early in the 19th century ?
What is it called when people in society rebel against laws they think are unfair ?
What is an example of major civil disobedience in South Africa ?
In 2004 the Orange revolution occurred in what country ?
Which people brought forward one of the earliest examples of Civil Disobedience ?
Why do people chose civil disobedience to protest ?
What does civil disobedience protest against ?
What is the definition of Germany adopting a Communist government ?
What did the Velvet revolution hope to accomplish in India ?
To what countries did the 1919 Revolution want to bring independence to from Russia ?
In what country was the 2004 Velvet Revolution ?
What is the name of the current King of Thebes in the play ?
What character in the play portrays civil disobedience ?
Antigone was a play made by whom ?
After the Peterloo massacre what poet wrote The Massacre of Anarchy ?
Gandhi often referenced Shelley 's poem in his efforts to do what ?
Who wrote the poem The Mark of Anarchy ?
Civil disobedience has been argued in more recent times to have suffered from what ?
More in the present prevalence of civil disobedience has turned and said to be ?
What person argues that civil disobedience is used to describe everything ?
In modern times , what is said about civil disobedience ?
Who noted the different current uses of civil disobedience ?
Who gave a negative connotation to civil disobedience in recent history ?
What issue has been plaguing the civil disobedience movement .
What had Vice President Agnew always suffered from ?
What had happened to Vice President Agnew 's status in modern times ?
What type of person would be involved in a test case in federal court ?
Le Grande also wrote that defining the term civil disobedience so difficult it could be described as ?
Le grand states that students studying civil disobedience will often run into grammatical niceties and what other problem ?
Le grand concludes that an author 's words offer only what they intended for them to imply regarding this type of terminology ?
How much literature has been written regarding civil disobedience ?
What type of protest falls under civil disobedience without aggression ?
How much has been written about the subject of grammar ?
If the head of government refuses to enforce a decision of the highest court what terminology could be used ?
Constitutional impasse is different from civil disobedience because does not include what type of person ?
Civil Disobedience is mainly performed by what population group ?
What group promotes using conflict to decide cases ?
A constitutional impasse pertains to how a citizen relates to the state and what ?
Who is the final judge of right and wrong ?
Some theories argue that civil disobedience is justified in regard to ?
Who claims that public companies can also be part of civil disobedience ?
What reason is given that you should also protest public companies ?
What public entity of learning is often target of civil disobedience ?
Who believed that civil disobedience should only be used against governmental entities ?
Stephen Eilmann asks why show public civil disobedience instead what is a better idea ?
What must be done to make non public lawbreaking acknowledged as civil disobedience ?
What book of the Bible discusses civil disobedience ?
What Book of the Bible is knowledge of the law traced back to ?
People behaving with civil disobedience that is not-violent is said to make society have more of what ?
What is it called when there is an active attempt to overthrow a government or belief system ?
What group of people performed revolutionary civil disobedience toward the Austrian government ?
The Hungarians performed this civil disobedience under the direction of what person ?
Revolutionary civil disobedience towards culture is highlighted by example of who ?
What is a simple form of civil disobedience ?
What type of civil disobedience is larger scale ?
What famous Indian 's actions were considered civil disobedience ?
What does non-revolutionary civil disobedience want to overthrow ?
What did Ghandi mention about the right to abolish an unjust government in The Declaration of Independence ?
What did the Jewish people do so pagan items would n't be in the temple of Jerusalem ?
When was Thoreau 's essay published ?
What is the civil disobedience called where people refuse to be released ?
How long did it take for Thoreau 's disobedience to be known ?
What did tax collectors try to prevent from being installed in the Temple ?
Bedau notes that illegal protests towards public policy may serve as what purpose ?
How long did Julia Butterfly Hill live in a tree ?
What type of actions are taken sometimes in civil disobedience ?
Such protests are usually considered to be what type ?
What type of goals are usually done skirting the law ?
How long did Julia Butterfly Hill live near a nuclear-missile installation ?
What year did the the case go before the supreme court ?
What is one criminal behavior that is hard to stop by authorities ?
What is one way of digital civil disobedience that can have far reaching consequences ?
What did George Carlin send to the city council in New Hampshire ?
Boycotting , refusing to pay taxes , sit ins , and draft dodging all make what harder ?
Brownlee argues that sometimes people behave in what way to have their issue heard ?
When large groups of people all boycott a system or do n't pay taxes it can be considered ?
How can you protest against big companies in a non violent way ?
What is using moral dialogue considered when not following the law ?
What method does the government use to get their issue heard ?
What type of government investigations apply to civil disobedience ?
Who do some tax agents want to make and impression on during an arrest ?
What is the group called that does not agree with government at all ?
What do anarchists accept about the role of government ?
What third type of plea uses creative words ?
How did their lawyer suggest they would plea ?
What type of sentences were the protesters given ?
What was sponsored by Francis Heisler in August 1957 ?
How many missles were at the nuclear test site ?
What sentence was Francis Heisler given when she was found guilty ?
What does following the rules help to preserve with a protest ?
What does being a Conservative do to the seriousness of a protest ?
When many people are arrested , what is a common tactic negotiating ?
What type of plea is sometimes taken as an act of disobedience ?
Which famous Indian took a plea and put himself at the mercy of the courts ?
What group decided to enter a blind plea without any jailtime ?
What did Ghandi decide to use so that everyone would have the same deal ?
How did the Camden 28 decide to submit themselves to the court after pleading guilty ?
What way do some people perform civil disobedience in a constructive way ?
Why is giving a defiant speech sometimes more harmful for the individual ?
Why would one want to give more punishment ?
What do some government officials give in response to illegal actions ?
What US war has a large amount of Civil Disobedients ?
What defense was used by Steven Barkan ?
What kind of press coverage is there when defendants plead not guilty ?
What plea was entered in the case the US v. Dougherty ?
Why should disobedience by the general public be avoided ?
Why should someone not commit a crime when they are protesting ?
For what reason would someone avoid crimes while protesting ?
Why should winning your case be avoided by the public ?
What does direct civil disobedience do to the law that is n't being protested ?
What did Carter Wentworth hand out in court to escape prosecution ?
What is the main goal of criminal punishment of civil disobedients ?
Who decides the fate of protesters most of the time ?
What does focusing on morality help a judge to achieve ?
Who decides if a law is moral ?
On what grounds is a law judged to be moral ?
What percentile of gross domestic product is construction comprised of ?
What three things are needed for construction to take place ?
Construction takes place on location for who ?
What does comprise 69 percent of ?
What three things are recommended before construction begins ?
Where does manufacturing take place ?
How much of a developed countries GDP does manufacturing comprise ?
What three things do you need for manufacturing to happen ?
Who normally manages a construction job ?
What is essential for the successful execution of a project ?
The largest construction projects are known as what ?
What is the term for any large construction project ?
What is seldom considered by those involved with the design and execution of infatructure ?
Who normally manages the environmental impact of the job ?
What is the largest infrastructure in question referred to ?
What is necessary for successfully completing bidding on a project ?
What are the three sectors of construction ?
Large public works , dams , bridges , highways , water/wastewater and utility distribution are under what construction sector ?
Refineries , process chemical , power generation , mills and manufacturing plants are under what sector of construction ?
What type of constuction is eivided into private and public buildings ?
What sector includes large public works but not utility distribution ?
What sector include utility distribution and refineries ?
What three sectors of public works are there ?
In what year did ENR compile data in nine market segments ?
ENR used data on what to rank Top 400 firms as heavy contractors ?
What US companies are compiled in the Top-250
In what year did the largest companies in the US compile data on nine market segments ?
What are the three building subsectors ?
The majority of building construction jobs are what ?
Who acts as laborer , paymaster , and design team for a renovation project ?
What are most detailed plans in construction ?
Residential construction can generate what is not carefully planned ?
Site conditions , local regulations , economies of scale and the availability of skilled tradespeople all affect what ?
What effect do technologies and resources generate ?
What needs to happen to prevent building authority regulations ?
How long does it take to build electrical facilities ?
Construction involves the translation of what ?
The design team is most commonly employed by who ?
Because of integration what are growing beyond services of architects ?
What financial issue is notoriously prevalent in the construction field ?
What issue is common in the financial planning field ?
What guarantees a solid cash flow is in place before a project to assure its completion ?
What describes when a builder does n't ask for adequate safeguards ?
The presence of who is highly likely even in small projects ?
Who studies the expected monetary flow over the life of the project and to monitor the payouts throughout the process ?
What is eliminated after the equity in the property ?
Who 's presence is likely in the initial bid ?
What is an obvious source for cost engineers ?
Who may seek changes or exemptions in the law that governs the land where the building will be built ?
What is the exchange of a set of obligations between two or more parties ?
What is the time element in construction between two or more parties ?
When there is a side that agrees to a lot for a little what happens to the cost ?
What is PPP ?
What relationship do finance initiatives involve ?
What is an example of adversarial practices that involve partnering ?
What forms of procurement happen within the construction industry ?
Whose role is to design the works , prepare the specifications and produce construction drawings , administer the contract , tender the works , and manage the works from inception to completion
What continues until the building is well established and recognized ?
With common construction procurement , what does the main contractor act as ?
How are the client and subcontractor linked ?
What does the owner produce to show how to attain the goals ?
Who is required to verify and have existing utility lines marked ?
Having existing utility lines marked lessens the likelihood of what ?
What is issued once construction is complete and a final inspection has been passed ?
What do contractors inspect during building construction ?
How many firms were existing in 2005 ?
How many women were employed in construction in 2011 ?
What was the unemployment rate as of 2011 ?
How many firms were there in 2011 ?
In the US how many contractors were employed in construction as of 2011 ?
What do construction workers with 14 years of experience earn in the Middle East ?
What to architects in the US/Canada earn yearly ?
What is not due to the average earning for a professional ?
What is the most common cause of injury on site ?
In the EU in 2009 , what was the fatal injury rate among construction workers ?
Along with non-governmental and nonstate schools , what is another name for private schools ?
Rather than taxation , what are private schools largely funded by ?
What is another name for a public school ?
What kind of taxation funds private schools ?
What is the yearly cost of some notable prep schools in New England ?
What are private schools that charge no tuition called ?
Along with Canada and the United Kingdom , what country generally does n't refer to universities as private schools ?
How much does it cost yearly to go to a UK university ?
When is the term private school never used in the US ?
What term does the UK , Australia and Canada always use when referring to universities ?
What is another term for year 12 of education ?
What is another term used for year 13 ?
What is another term for university-preparatory schools ?
Along with location , endowment and the willingness of parents to pay , what factor influences private school tuition ?
Who receives higher salaries at private schools that charge higher tuition ?
What is another term used for library ?
What is another term used for science lab ?
What religion 's schools does the term 'parochial schools ' generally refer to ?
Along with Muslims , Jews and Protestant Christians , what religious group notably operates private schools ?
What category are schools put into that maintain a line between academics and religion ?
What power is available to Australian private schools but generally not present in public schools ?
What is an example of an article of uniform clothing typically present in Australian private schools ?
What is the comparison in price between Australian private schools versus public ?
How well are teachers paid in public schools in Australia ?
What tool do they use in public school to maintain discipline ?
What part of a uniform must you wear if you go to public school in Australia ?
Along with the Anglican Church and Uniting Church , what religious denomination operates private schools in Australia ?
What denomination operates St Joseph 's College ?
Where is St Aloysius ' College located ?
Who attends Loreto Normanhurst ?
What denomination insists that students must also be a member of the founding church ?
Where is St. Gregory 's College located ?
What do all grammar schools insist their students have in order to attend ?
The prospect of what event compelled the protection of German private schools ?
What percentage of German students attended private schools in 2008 ?
What was the percentage of Germans attending private high schools in 2008 ?
In 1992 , what percentage of East German students attended private schools ?
In what article does it give Gleichschaltung the right to create private schools ?
What percentage of students in Grundgesetz attended private schools in 2008 ?
What percentage of students attended private schools in Grundgesetz in 1992 ?
What is the German term for segregating students based on their parents ' wealth ?
How does the level of tuition in German private schools compare to private schools in other Western European countries ?
What do Sonderungsverbot not have when trying to operate without regulation ?
What kind of tuition is charged if you enroll in a Sonderungsverbot ?
How are ergänzungsschulen funded ?
Along with private individuals and organizations , what groups sometimes runs ergänzungsschulen ?
What group will rarely run a public school ?
Along with the CISCE and NENBSE , what is a notable Examination Board in multiple Indian states ?
How many Examination Boards exist in India ?
What are government schools also called in India ?
How many independent schools are in India ?
Along with trusts , what other non-profits are allowed to run schools in India ?
In private schools , what language are classes taught in ?
What is happening to the number of government schools in rural India ?
What is the Irish term for private schools ?
What is the typical annual cost for an Irish private school ?
What might the fees to attend an Irish boarding school rise to ?
What is the Irish term for school fees ?
How are school fees in the rest of the world compared to Ireland ?
What is the name of the post-independence government school system in Malaysia ?
As a result of a compromise , about how many Chinese schools became National Type schools ?
What is the standard of living for most families in Kathmandu ?
What group fully funds preschool ?
How many private schools existed in New Zealand in April 2014 ?
In April 2014 , how many New Zealand students attended private schools ?
What percentage of New Zealand students attended private schools in April 2014 ?
What religion 's schools were integrated into New Zealand public schools between 1979 and 1984 ?
What city , along with Hamilton , Wellington and Christchurch , is one of the largest in New Zealand ?
As of 1970 , how many private schools were in New Zealand ?
How many private school students were there in 1979 ?
How much of the student population went to private schools in 1984 ?
What has happened to private school numbers since 2014 ?
What denomination is the Diocesan School for Girls in Auckland affiliated with ?
What denomination is associated with Saint Kentigern College ?
What group operates St Dominic 's College in Wanganui ?
What is operated by Academic Colleges Group in Wanganui ?
What Catholic society in Wanganui is affiliated with Academic Colleges Group ?
What denomination are the schools run by Academic Colleges Group ?
How many affiliates are connected to the ACG New Zealand International College ?
What percentage of Filipino primary school students are in private schools ?
In the Philippines , what percentage of secondary school students attend private schools ?
What percentage of Filipino tertiary education takes place in private schools ?
In what month and year was the revised Manual of Regulations for Private Schools released ?
Along with English and mathematics , what subject replaced values education for fourth year students ?
What percentage of students enroll in public primary school in the Philippines ?
What is lower in public schools rather than private ones ?
When did the Philippines start teaching English at the primary level in public school ?
In what year was the South African Schools Act passed ?
Along with public schools , what type of school was recognized under the South African Schools Act ?
In South Africa , along with privately governed schools , what schools are classified as independent ?
In what century did missionaries notably establish church schools in South Africa ?
How did Africa becoming independent change the laws about missionaries coming to Africa ?
What has happened to the public education sector when managed by the government ?
About many students attend Kunskapsskolan schools ?
How many people work for Kunskapsskolan schools ?
What is the English translation of Kunskapsskolan ?
How many Swedish students were enrolled in public school in 2008 ?
How many people have worked with Barack Obama who are from Sweden ?
What is the Swedish word for school voucher ?
How many school vouchers were issued by Sweden in 2008 ?
What percentage of British children are educated at GSCE level in fee-paying schools ?
What percentage of children educated in Scotland are at independent schools ?
At what level are 13 % of children in Scottish independent schools ?
What type of school is becoming less common in Scotland ?
What is the highest range a student would pay when boarding in a Scottish school ?
What is a derogatory term for the Christian academies that arose in the wake of school desegregation ?
What was the primary race of students attending Christian academies after the Brown decision ?
What kind of curriculum did public schools focus on for white students ?
What amendment to the United States Constitution governs government funding of religious schools ?
What state constitutional amendments make reference to the government funding religious schools ?
Granting what status would allow private non-religious schools in the US to receive public funds ?
What body would determine that funding for course content is forbidden ?
What is course content funding subject to ?
What can be interpreted by individuals to determine if funding for course content is forbidden ?
In what year was Wisconsin v. Yoder decided at the Supreme Court ?
What is the citation for the Pierce v. Society of Sisters case ?
Who was the opposing party in the Runyon case ?
Who was part of the case with Wisconsin in 1976 ?
What other person was involved in the case with Runyon in 1972 ?
About how much did a New York City day school cost annually in 2012 ?
What would a parent have to pay to send their child to a boarding school in 2012 ?
What notable private school has an endowment of several hundred million dollars ?
In addition to endowments and tuition , how do boarding schools cover their operating costs ?
How much did the Groton School charge per student for tuition in 2012 ?
Where do most students at the Groton School come from ?
What individual is the school named after ?
When did the undergraduate program become coeducational ?
What was the name of the leader through the Great Depression and World War II ?
What president of the university transformed it into a modern research university ?
When was Radcliffe 's curriculum secularized ?
Who was President of Radcliffe from 1869-1909 ?
How many public libraries are there in Cambridge ?
How many US Presidents once campaigned in Cambridge ?
How many billionaires are now living in Cambridge ?
How many academic units make up Radcliffe ?
How many sports are played at the athletics facilites ?
In what year was the school formed ?
What year was North America 's first printing press started ?
In what year was the school renamed as Harvard College ?
In what year was the charter granted for Harvard Corporation ?
What was the ship of John of London called ?
Who founded Cambridge in 1650 ?
When did John of London come to live in Cambridge ?
What university was John of London an alum of ?
Ministers of what faith were trained by the university in early years ?
What group was trained at Cambridge in 1643 ?
In what year was Cambridge founded ?
What profession did many graduates of Cambridge become in 1643 ?
In what year did Harvard President Joseph Willard die ?
What liberal succeeded Joseph Willard as president ?
In what year was Henry Ware elected to chair ?
In what year did Henry Ware die ?
In what year was David Tappan elected to the chair ?
What denomination was the Hollis Professor of Divinity connected to ?
in 1846 who 's natural history lectures were acclaimed in New York and Harvard ?
Agassiz 's approach to science combined observation and what ?
What was Plato 's approach considered ?
During what years was William Ellery Channing President of Harvard ?
In what year of 20th century , did Harvard release an important document about education in America ?
What would it guarantee for Harvard if they attracted wealthy students ?
What was college considered a vehicle of for the wealthy in 1945 ?
What did Conant develop to attract wealthy students to the school in 1933 ?
In what year did Harvard and Radcliffe admissions merge ?
How many campuses affiliated with Harvard existed in 1977 ?
How far from state house in downtown Boston is Harvard Yard ?
What neighborhood is Edward Harkness formerly from ?
Where is the office of Edward Harkness located ?
Where is Harvard stadium located ?
How much land does Cambridge own in Allston ?
What infrastructure will be improved in Storrow Drive ?
What is the total number of professors , instructors , and lecturers at Harvard ?
What is the enrollment of undergraduates at Harvard ?
How many graduate students does Harvard have ?
When was the color crimson adopted at Harvard as official color ?
What year is the earliest traces of the color Crimson at Harvard ?
When did The Harvard Crimson publish its first issue ?
How many people were at a Harvard sponsored regatta in 1875 ?
How many people usually go to see Harvard sports teams play each year ?
How many students did Charles William Eliot teach throughout his tenure at Harvard ?
What project did Harvard halt due to the financial crisis ?
What are Harvard 's Pell grant reserves ?
What is Harvard 's total financial aid reserves ?
How much of a loss did Forbes suffer in 2008 ?
What did Forbes halt the construction of in 2008 ?
What did local residents do when Forbes announced budget cuts in 2011 ?
What did Kent-Brown do to interrupt a speech by Harvard ?
In what year did Harvard end its early admission program ?
In what year was an early admission program reintroduced ?
What acceptance rate does the Early Action program have for 2019 ?
When did the Carnegie Foundation start managing statistics for university admissions ?
How many classes outside of their concentration did the Carnegie Foundation require in 2007 ?
What kind of enrollments did the Ethical Reasoning program have in 2007 ?
Since 1978 how many courses have students in the Ethical Reasoning program needed to take ?
Who does the Carnegie Foundation depend on for some aspects of undergraduate education ?
From 2004 to 2005 Harvard reduced the number of students earning Latin honors from 90 % to what ?
What percentage of the student body is accepted to the Phi Beta Kappa honor society each year ?
What percentage of the student body was affected by grade inflation in 2004 ?
What increased about Harvard 's student body in 2005 ?
What two honors were given out more frequently in 2005 ?
What is tuition for 2012 - 13 year at Harvard ?
What is the total cost of attendance in 2012-13 ?
What percentage of total financial aid for undergraduates from Harvard was in the form of grants ?
What did families with incomes below $ 38,000 pay for tuition in 2009 ?
How many student loans can you apply for in four years at Harvard ?
How many student dorms were there in use at Harvard in 2012 ?
What are the 3 post popular libraries for undergraduates in the Harvard system ?
How many books are endorsed by the American Library Association ?
What kind of access for undergraduates do the Harvard University Archives have ?
How many museums comprise Harvard Art Museums ?
What is the former name of the Arthur M. Sackler Museum ?
How many museums does the Busch-Reisinger Museum comprise ?
Who designed the Fogg Museum of Art ?
What glass flowers exhibit is included in the Busch-Reisinger Museum ?
Starting in what year has Harvard topped the Academic Rankings of World Universities ?
According to the Princeton Review where has Harvard ranked as a " Dream College " in 2013
Since what year has the ARWU ranked academic performance ?
During what years did Harvard roll out a new undergraduate program ?
How was The Princeton Review ranked by students in 2013 for being most informative ?
How was US News and World Report ranked in terms of CEO positions in 2011 ?
How many intercollegiate sports does Harvard compete in NCAA division I
What is Harvard 's most intense rival ?
How many sports does Yale compete in in the NCAA Division I Ivy League ?
How often do Oxford and Cambridge put aside their rivalry ?
What was the first year that Yale and Harvard played football ?
In what year did Harvard Stadium become the first ever concrete reinforced stadium in the country ?
In what year was a set of significant rule changes introduced including the forward pass ?
What event was won by Yale in 1920 ?
What stadium was built in 1920 ?
What position was Walter Camp on Harvard 's football team ?
What newly legalized move did Harvard 's football team support in 1920 ?
What is the name of Harvard 's basketball facility ?
What is the name of Harvard 's primary recreational sports facility ?
How many weight rooms are in the Malkin Athletic Center
At what building do Olympic athletes train ?
How many cardio rooms are at the Lavietes Pavillion ?
What kind of swimming pool is at the Lavietes Pavillion ?
In what year did Harvard win an Intercolleiate Sailing Association National Championship ?
In what state is Yale located ?
In what month does the Harvard Crimson men 's ice hockey team play ?
What UN secretary went to Harvard ?
What Harvard Alumni was the Palestine Prime Minister ?
What Union is Antonis Samaras a part of ?
What tv host and writer went to Harvard ?
What famous conductor went to Harvard ?
What is the name of world renowned cellist is a former Harvard student ?
Who was the former host of Late Night with Conan O'Brien ?
What actor starred in the Movie Saving Private Ryan ?
Who is a player on the Tampa Bay Buccaneers ?
What actor starred in The Men in Black ?
Who was the directer of Noah in 2014 ?
What Fields Medal winning Mathematician is a faculty member at Harvard ?
What prestigious legal scholars are faculty members at Harvard ?
What Shakespeare Scholar is a faculty member at Harvard ?
What scientist published " The Better Angels of Our Nature " in 2011 ?
What author is best known for his book The Metaphysical Club ?
What political scientist is one of the founders of the theory of neoliberalism ?
What was the population Jacksonville city as of 2010 ?
Based on population alone , what is Jacksonville 's ranking in the United States ?
In which county does Jacksonville reside ?
What year did consolidation cause Jacksonville to become part of Duval County ?
What County was Jacksonville the seat of prior to 1968 ?
What year did Jacksonville consolidate with Davis County ?
What river runs alongside Jacksonville ?
How far is Jacksonville from Miami ?
What is the name of the French colony established in 1564 ?
Prior to the arrival of the French , the area now known as Jacksonville was previously inhabited by what people ?
What historical figure was Jacksonville named after ?
What cities 340 km from Jacksonville ?
In what year did the Timucue people inhabit the Jacksonville area ?
What British for was Jacksonville the site of ?
What sport attracts most tourists to Jacksonville ?
Which port is United States 's third-largest seaport ?
What is the 16th century known as the start of ?
What is the name of the village that once existed in what is now downtown Jacksonville ?
What I lent to the team of northern University students discover pottery ?
What to do university students find the dated sixteenth century ?
Who mapped the St. Johns River in 1562 ?
For what nation did Ribault initially claim what is now Jacksonville ?
Who was the British explorer chartered the St. John 's River ?
Where did Ribault erect the flag claiming the land for France ?
What year was Fort San Mateo reconstructed ?
Soon after gaining Florida , what did the English do ?
When was the Jacksonville town charter approved ?
What do French construct shortly before losing Florida ?
What town charter was approved in 1821 ?
After what battle did Union forces return to and occupy Jacksonville for the rest of the war ?
Who did Jacksonville support with supplies during the Revolutionary war ?
After what battle did Union forces leave Jacksonville for good ?
During which period did Jacksonville become a popular destination for the rich ?
Which US President visited Jacksonville in 1888 ?
Other than the steamboat , what modern form of travel brought visitors to Florida ?
During what age was Jacksonville no longer a popular destination for the rich ?
What Sen. visited Jacksonville in 1888 ?
What caused the spread of the Jacksonville fire in 1901 ?
What slowed the spread of the Jacksonville fire in 1901 ?
What type of movies were produced in Jacksonville 's 30 studios ?
Jacksonville 's popularity for films earned it what title ?
What brought the downfall of Jacksonville filmmaking ?
Is what industry was attracted to Jacksonville in the early nineteenth century ?
What other film city struggled as Jacksonville grew in popularity ?
What was Hollywood known as ?
What drove residents to quieter suburban housing ?
What was the white population of Jacksonville as of 2010 ?
What term referred to middle class citizens leaving the suburbs ?
Construction of what led residents to move from the suburbs ?
What was it called when Jacksonville 's white population moved to the city ?
In what year was it suggested the Jacksonville stop annexing outlying communities ?
How many city officials were indicted due to corruption ?
What political group began to gain support following the corruption scandal ?
How many former city officials were investigated by the grand jury ?
What political group begin to lose support following the corruption scandals ?
What was the result of the 1967 referendum ?
Who was Jacksonville 's mayor at the time of the consolidation ?
What is the land area of Jacksonville ?
What river separates Jacksonville ?
What is the name of the river that is completely contained inside Jacksonville ?
How much of Jacksonville is made up of water ?
What town is surrounded by Jacksonville ?
What River surrounds Jacksonville ?
What makes up 11.6 % of Jacksonville ?
What is the name of the river that lies completely outside of Jacksonville ?
What town surrounds Jacksonville ?
The Bank of America Tower was previously known as what ?
How tall is the Bank of America Tower ?
How many floors are there in the building that was completed in 1967 ?
In the shortest building in downtown Jacksonville ?
Building a 617 m tall ?
What thirty-seven story building was built in 1972 ?
How many stories does the Bank of America tower have ?
What type of climate does Jacksonville have ?
When does rain typically fall in Jacksonville ?
Aside from being located on the coast , what contributes to Jacksonville 's lack of cold weather ?
What kind of winters does Jacksonville have along with hot and dry summers ?
What is concentrated in the coldest months of the year ?
High altitude as well as what contributes to Jacksonville 's lack of cold-weather question work
What is a common occurrence during summer days ?
What else contributes to Jacksonville 's summer storms other than land heating beside the water ?
What is Jacksonville 's highest recorded monthly temperature ?
What kind of storms are common in the fall ?
What storm had the most significant impact on Jacksonville ?
How fast were the winds around St. Augustine in the 1964 hurricane ?
What was the name of the storm that hit Jacksonville in May of 2012 ?
In what year did a tropical storm cause a four day loss of power to Jacksonville ?
What hurricane had less effect on Jacksonville than other cities along the coast ?
How high were the winds around St. Augustine during the 1871 hurricane ?
What storm crisscrossed the state hitting Jacksonville in 1964 ?
What P or was damaged during the 2008 tropical storm Fay ?
Hurricane Dora caused a minor what ?
What ethnic group located in Jacksonville is ranked tenth largest ?
How many residents were recorded in the 2010 census of Jacksonville ?
In what year were there 5751 Filipinos in Jacksonville
What portion of households in Jacksonville have only one person ?
How many men older than 18 are there for every 100 women ?
How many women older than eighteen are there for every 100 men ?
Where was the average household size was 3.21
What percentage of married couples had children living with them ?
What percentage of global assets does the richest 1 % of people have ?
In order to be considered in the top percentile , a person would need to amass how much money each year ?
What has caused Oxfam 's findings to be questioned ?
Why does Oxfam and Credit Suisse believe their findings are being doubted ?
What percent of the global assets in 2000 were owned by just 1 % of adults ?
What do the three richest people in the world posses more of than the lowest 48 nations together ?
How much was the combined wealth of the " 10 Million dollar millionaires " in 2008 ?
Why are there more poor people in the United States and Europe than China ?
What percentage of global assets does the richest 10 % of people have ?
In order to be considered in the bottom percentile , a person would need to amass how much money each year ?
What has caused Oxfam 's findings to not be questioned ?
Why does Oxfam and Credit Suisse believe their findings are being accepted ?
What publication printed that the wealthiest 1 % have more money than those in the bottom 90 % ?
What is considered as a potential advantage for wealth for some Americans ?
What may explain why some Americans who 've become rich may have had a head start ?
How many of the richest 400 Americans grew up in substantial privilege ?
What Institute published findings in September 2012 regarding the Forbes richest 400 Americans ?
What publication printed that the wealthiest 1 % have more money than those in the bottom 99 % ?
What is considered as a potential disadvantage for wealth for some Americans ?
What is the term that describes the difference between what higher paid and lower paid professionals earn ?
What does the marginal value added by an economic actor determine ?
What are examples of economic actors ?
What is the term that describes the indifference between what higher paid and lower paid professionals earn ?
When less workers are required , what happens to the job market ?
What do capitalist firms substitute equipment for in a Marxian analysis ?
When more workers are required , what happens to the job market ?
What do n't capitalist firms substitute equipment for in a Marxian analysis ?
What is controled by the market and economy ?
What controls wages in a purely capitalist mode of production ?
What can concentrate wealth , pass environmental costs on to society and abuse both workers and consumers ?
What is uncontroled by the market and economy ?
What has the tendency to increase wages in a field or job position ?
When there are many workers competing for a few jobs its considered as what ?
What is the potential earnings for a job where there are few skilled workers but many available positions ?
What can lead to higher wages for members of labor organizations ?
Who works to get workers higher compensation ?
What does many workers willing to work for a lot of time competing for a job that only requires a few workers result in ?
What drives down wages in a job with many workers willing to work a lot ?
What has the tendency to decrease wages in a field or job position ?
When there are many workers competing for a many jobs its considered as what ?
What is the potential earnings for a job where there are many skilled workers but many available positions ?
What can lead to lower wages for members of labor organizations ?
Who works to get workers lower compensation ?
What increases with the increase of income inequality ?
Survivial is at the heart of what concept for workers ?
What type of motivators are food and shelter considered ?
What type of motivators are achievement and self determination considered ?
What type of entrepreneurship leads to advancements in technology ?
What is the increased rates of self-employment based on ?
Survival needs such as income for food and shelter motivates what type of entrepreneurship ?
What motivation is opportunity-based entrepreneurship driven by ?
What type of impact does opportunity-based entrepreneurship tend to have on economic growth ?
What decreases with the increase of income inequality ?
Survivial is n't at the heart of what concept for workers ?
What type of motivators are n't food and shelter considered ?
What type of motivators are achievement and outside determination considered ?
What type of entrepreneurship leads to a regression in technology ?
What tax rate has a direct relationship with income inequality ?
In a progressive tax , what increases as the taxable base amount increases ?
What can result in more equal distribution of income ?
What tax rate has an indirect relationship with income inequality ?
In a progressive tax , what increases as the taxable base amount decreases ?
What is key to getting the skills needed for high demand jobs ?
What does less education lead to when working ?
What are those with lower incomes less likely to have in order to prepare for the future ?
What is an important factor contributing to inequality for individuals ?
What does education in an area where there is high demand for workers tend to create ?
What does lack of education lead directly to ?
What is key to getting the skills needed for low demand jobs ?
What does more education lead to when working ?
What are those with lower incomes more likely to have in order to prepare for the future ?
What is the United States at risk for because of the recession of 2008 ?
When the recovery between the widening gap between the richest citizens and rest of the nation slow ?
What does wealth disparity make the economy more prone to ?
What is the United States at risk for because of the recession of 2000 ?
What impact did the high school education movement have on the presence of skilled workers ?
What contributed to the decreased inequality between trained and untrained workers ?
What is very important for the growth of the economy ?
What impact did the high school education movement have on the presence of unskilled workers ?
What contributed to the increased inequality between trained and untrained workers ?
What types of organizations are on a decline in the US which adversely effects economic mobility ?
How much support is there for the US approach to economic development ?
How much support does evidence provide for the view that labor-market flexibility improves labor-market outcomes ?
What level of economic mobility does the U.S. economy have compared to European countries ?
What types of organizations are on a decline in the US which adversely effects economic immobility ?
How much support is there for the UN approach to economic development ?
What do weak labor movement correlate with ?
What has had a negative impact on the labor markets in the US ?
What college is Jake Rosenfield associated with ?
What does Rosenfield feel plays the most significant role in expanding the income gap ?
What do strong labor movement correlate with ?
What has had a negative impact on the labor markets in the UN ?
What effect does trade with poorer countries have on the workers in richer countries ?
What effect does trade with richer countries have on the workers in poorer countries ?
What scale does trade liberalization shift economic inequality from ?
What effect does trade with poorer countries have on the workers in poorer countries ?
What scale does n't trade liberalization shift economic inequality from ?
What is the income inequality gap between genders in Botswana ?
What is the gender income inequality in Bahrain ?
In many countries , what kind of pay gap is there ?
Who is the author of the book , " Knowledge and Decisions " ?
What does a U.S. census report state that even after other factors there still exists this between earnings of men and women ?
What is n't the income inequality gap between genders in Botswana ?
What is n't the gender income inequality in Bahrain ?
In many countries , what kind of pay gap is n't there ?
What types of programs help to redistribute wealth ?
What is the level of inequality in underdeveloped countries ?
What introduces inequality to a country ?
What leads to lower income inequality ?
What did Kuznets argue resulted from stages of development ?
What does a country acquire as it develops ?
What do the owners of more capital end up having ?
What is the level of inequality in overdeveloped countries ?
What does n't introduce inequality to a country ?
What leads to higher income inequality ?
During what time period did income inequality decrease in the United States ?
When did income inequality begin to increase in the US ?
What is a a developing economy 's level of inequality bulging out called ?
What has recent testing of Kuznets theory with superior data show it to be ?
What does Kuznets ' curve predict about income inequality given time ?
During what time period did income inequality increase in the United States ?
When did income inequality begin to decrease in the US ?
What tends to lead to more money ?
What can significantly contribute to the continuing inequality in a society over time ?
Who wrote the book " Capital in the Twenty-First Century " ?
What do larger fortunes generate ?
What tends to lead to less money ?
What is lower in countries with more inequality for the top 21 industrialized countries ?
In U.S. states , what happens to the life expectancy in less economically equal ones ?
What is higher in countries with more inequality for the top 21 industrialized countries ?
In U.S. states , what happens to the life expectancy in more economically equal ones ?
What 's one factor in eroding self-esteem ?
What 's one factor in increasing self-esteem ?
How many developed countries did British researchers use to gather statistics from ?
How many undeveloped countries did British researchers use to gather statistics from ?
What increases rapidly as per capita income increases ?
Who lives no longer on average than Greeks and New Zealanders ?
How are incomes distributed in Sweden ?
What decreases rapidly as per capita income increases ?
Who lives longer on average than Greeks and New Zealanders ?
How are n't incomes distributed in Sweden ?
What characteristic in recent years has been strongly tied with health in developed countries ?
Who created an index of health and social problems ?
How many factors of health and social problems did Wilkinson and PIckett identify ?
What characteristic in recent years has been weakly tied with health in developed countries ?
Who rejected an index of health and social problems ?
How many factors of health and social problems did Wilkinson and PIckett not identify ?
What does child well-being in poor countries correlate most to ?
Over how many studies have shown that violence is more common in societies with income differences ?
What is it estimated that about half of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by ?
Over how many studies have shown that violence is less common in societies with income differences ?
What is it estimated that about a third of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by ?
An adobe that provides less utility to one person than another is an example of reduced what ?
A dollar spent by a poor person is likely to provide what for them ?
An adobe that provides more utility to one person than another is an example of reduced what ?
A dollar spent by a rich person is likely to provide what for them ?
What political leaning does the Cato Institute have ?
When was consumption inequality lower than it had been in 1986 ?
Who wrote " The Hidden Prosperity of the Poor " ?
What is Thomas B. Edsall 's profession ?
What political leaning does the Cato Institute not have ?
When was consumption inequality lower than it had been in 1968 ?
Who never wrote " The Hidden Prosperity of the Poor " ?
What is n't Thomas B. Edsall 's profession ?
What is Raghuram Rajan 's career ?
What is n't Raghuram Rajan 's career ?
What is negatively correlated to the duration of economic growth ?
What happens to the GDP growth of a country if the income share of the top 20 percent increases , according to IMF staff economists ?
Who matters the most for economic growth ?
What is positively correlated to the duration of economic growth ?
What happens to the GDP growth of a country if the income share of the top 20 percent decreases , according to IMF staff economists ?
Who matters the least for economic growth ?
Policies which try to control unemployment support economic growth because they reduce what ?
Policies which try to control unemployment support economic growth because they increase what ?
What did Stiglitz present in 2009 regarding global inequality ?
What has become the secret to economic growth ?
What did Stiglitz present in 2008 regarding global inequality ?
What is inequality associated with higher levels of ?
What is inequality associated with lower levels of ?
What does high levels of inequality do to growth in poor countries ?
What does high levels of inequality do for economic growth in richer countries ?
When was a study conducted of Swedish counties ?
What does high levels of inequality do to growth in rich countries ?
What does low levels of inequality do for economic growth in richer countries ?
When was n't a study conducted of Swedish counties ?
The Kuznets curve says with economic development , inequality will decrease after what ?
Who challenges the notion of the Kuznets curve hypothesis ?
What 's Thomas Piketty 's job ?
The Kuznets curve says with economic development , inequality will increase after what ?
Who accepts the notion of the Kuznets curve hypothesis ?
What is n't Thomas Piketty 's job ?
How long does it take for the effects to manifest as changes to economic growth ?
How long does n't it take for the effects to manifest as changes to economic growth ?
What was Ban Ki-Moon the Secretary General of ?
What is n't economic growth sufficient for progress on ?
What was Ban Ki-Moon not the Secretary General of ?
What is n't economic growth insufficient for progress on ?
How is unregistered property held in informal form ?
In some countries over how many steps can it take to build on government land ?
What can it sometimes take up to 14 years to get permission to build on ?
How is registered property held in informal form ?
In all countries over how many steps can it take to build on government land ?
What can it sometimes take up to 41 years to get permission to build on ?
What do a number of researchers think a shortage of is caused in part by income inequality ?
What do a number of researchers think a shortage of is n't caused in part by income inequality ?
How are the certain costs which are difficult to avoid shared ?
What are those with lower incomes often unable to manage ?
What is the term when middle income earners aspire to obtain the same standards of living as people wealthier than themselves ?
What is one method of achieving aspirational consumption ?
How are the certain costs which are easy to avoid shared ?
What are those with higher incomes often unable to manage ?
What is the term when top income earners aspire to obtain the same standards of living as people wealthier than themselves ?
What is one method of achieving perspirational consumption ?
How could human inequality be addressed without resulting in an increase of environmental damage ?
How could human inequality be addressed without resulting in an decrease of environmental damage ?
How do socialists think the means of production should be owned ?
How do socialists think the means of production should n't be owned ?
What is the usual form of the government 's wealth redistribution ?
What is the unusual form of the government 's wealth redistribution ?
What does the capabilities approach look at poverty as a form of ?
In the capabilities approach , grow and income are considered a means to an end rather than what ?
What does n't the capabilities approach look at poverty as a form of ?
In the capabilities approach , grow and income are n't considered a means to an end rather than what ?
What issues may prevent women from working outside the home or receiving education ?
What can people work towards if they are n't denied their functionings , capabilities and agency ?
What issues ca n't prevent women from working outside the home or receiving education ?
What can people work towards if they are denied their functionings , capabilities and agency ?
What kind of university is the University of Chicago ?
When was the University of Chicago established ?
How many professional schools does the University of Chicago have ?
How many academic research divisions does the University of Chicago have ?
Who helped develop the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction ?
Where is the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction located ?
In what year will the Barack Obama Presidential Center be finished ?
Under which field did the world 's first synthetically produced nuclear reaction occur ?
The Stagg Presidential Center is set to be finished in what year ?
What person helped establish the school with a donation ?
Who was the first president of the University of Chicago ?
What year was the university 's first president given his position ?
What year was the first class taught at the University of Chicago ?
Who is known as the poorest man in all history ?
In what year was the University of Maynard incorporated ?
In what year did Robert Harper become the first president of the University ?
In what year did the U of C become one of 7 founding members of the Association of Chicago Universities ?
In what year were the last classes held in the university ?
Who helped pay for the university 's first building structure ?
What was the name of the first building built on campus grounds ?
How much did Silas B. Cobb pledge to the university ?
What is the name of the donor who helped establish the Hutchinson Commons ?
In what year did the Walker Museum create and incorporate the U of C as a coed institution ?
In what year did Clay Bartlett donate land by Marshall Field ?
George C. Walker served as trustee , treasurer and donor of what ?
What year did the university team up with Shimer College ?
The university agreed to grant a degree to any graduate of affiliate schoos that did what ?
In what year did the affiliate program end ?
