Nagarjuna Sagar is built on which river?
Which of these dams is the largest multipurpose project on the Krishna River?
How many million cubic meters of water does the Nagarjunasagar Reservoir have the capacity to store?
In which plateau was Telangana located?
What is the population of Telangana?
When is Telangana Landing Day?
Historians consider Kotilingala to be the first capital of which dynasty?
Kotilingas are in which zone?
The Kotilingala Temple is located on the banks of which river?
From which kings did the tradition of printing royal covers on coins come from?
The emblem of Ujjain is famous for which emperor?
Which part serves as the hub of Tollywood?
In which year was the silent film 'Bhishma Pratigya' produced?
Who is addressed as the father of Telugu cinema?
In whose hands was China invaded in the 13th century?
Under whose leadership the Chinese explored all over the world
During whose time did the capital move from Nanjing to Beijing?
Which is the largest city in Andhra Pradesh?
 What was the name of the first ship of independent India?
Which of these caves is located in Visakhapatnam?
What is the name of the hill that reduces the impact of waves?
What did Motilal Nehru do?
Jawaharlal Nehru Ancestors belonged to which place?
In which town did the Motilal family settle three years before Jawaharlal was born?
Under whose leadership was the Non-Assistance Movement held?
When did the Non-Assistance Movement begin?
When did the Non-Assistance Movement end?
In which year was the Jallianwala Bagh held?
Who was the foremost leader of India's independence from British rule?
What is Gandhi's full name?
What are the theories that Gandhi believed in?
In which year was Gandhi born?
What is the old name of Mumbai?
Which was the first most populous city in India?
What is the population of Mumbai?
Mumbai is on which island in Maharashtra?
The city of Mumbai is named after which goddess?
From which country did they enter Mumbai in the 16th century?
In which century was the city of Mumbai captured by the British?
In which year was Bombay officially renamed as Mumbai?
How many millimeters is the annual rainfall in Mumbai?
What is the highest rainfall recorded in Mumbai?
The city of Mumbai is close to which line?
What is the full name of BMC?
How many districts are there in Greater Mumbai?
Who appoints an IAS officer in Mumbai?
On which day is International Family Day celebrated?
Which organization has decided to celebrate International Family Day?
Gandhi was born in which state?
By what name do people honor Gandhi?
What is the position of India in population compared to the rest of the world?
What is the position of India in terms of area compared to the rest of the world?
What is the western boundary of India?
On which side of India is the Bay of Bengal?
Which country has a coastline of over 7,000 km in South Asia?
How many states are there in India?
What is the full name of BJP?
BJP is the main rival of which party?
Which party has dominated Indian politics for four decades?
In which year was the BJP formed?
Hindu nationalist organizations belonging to whose family give the Bharatiya Janata Party a solid foundation at the activist level?
What is the slogan of BJP ideology war?
How many seats did BJP get in the first general election?
Which party played a leading role in the Indian National Movement?
Which is the parent party of Bharatiya Janata Party?
Who formed the Jana Sangh Party?
In which jail did Jana Sangh founder Shyam Prasad Mukherjee die?
The BJP has contributed to the formation of which leader in the future?
Andhra Pradesh is in which coastal region of India?
The standard east longitude of India passes through which city in Andhra Pradesh?
Andhra Pradesh occupies many places in the area?
In which Indian state is the longest coastline of India?
How long is the coast of Andhra Pradesh?
Which of these diamonds was found in the Kollur mine?
Which state is located northeast of Andhra Pradesh?
On which side is the state of Andhra Pradesh located?
Who are the root causes of Buddhism?
What is another name for Gautama?
Gautama Buddha is what is glorified by all Buddhists
20th century historians speculate as to when the Buddha was born?
How many years later were the life events and teachings of the Buddha divided into three parts and preserved?
Siddhartha was born in any town
The town of Lumbini belongs to which country?
Who was Siddhartha's father?
Mother Mahamaya is a princess of which country?
What was the name of the mother who raised Siddhartha?
Under which tree was Siddhartha born?
In which state is Udupi located?
What are the major languages ​​spoken in Udupi?
What are the districts of Dakshina Kannada together?
What is the population of Udupi district as per 2001 census?
Krishna Mandir is in which district?
In which year was Udupi district formed?
Which region combined to form a separate Udupi district?
What is the percentage of urban population in Udupi?
How many kilometers is the Kudremukh National Park located in Karkala?
Where is the Someshwara Wildlife Sanctuary?
Which forest is located in Kundapur taluka and Karkala taluka?
Which of these animals is found in the forests of Udupi district?
Where is the Mookambika Wildlife Sanctuary?
Kollur is a town in which taluka?
What is the other name of Kollur?
How many kilometers is Kollur from the district headquarters of Shimoga?
What is the name of the goddess in Kollur?
From which state do most devotees visit Mookambika Amma?
Films of which language film are shot in Kollur?
What is the name of the forest in Kollur?
Which inscription states that Satavahana king Gautamiputra Satakarni desecrated the 'Sakapahlavas'?
Pallavas are the natives of which country?
Which texts consider the Pallavas to be pagan?
When did Kalabharti come from the North?
Who joined Satavahana as an employee?
Whose maiden did he marry on time?
What is the name of Kalabharti's son?
Who was the father of Veerakoorbavarma?
After the demise of whose empire, did Skandamulu want to expand his country to the south?
Which king defeated Satyasena and conquered Kanchi?
What is the name of the sacrifice made by Kumara Vishnu?
Whose kingdom was annihilated by the second son of Kumara Vishnu?
Skandavarma's kingdom extends from Kaveri to which river?
What is sculpture?
What stones are used to make sculptures?
What are the types of sculptures?
What is iconography?
What is descriptive education about sculpture?
What are the sculptors called?
In which age did the carving of script figures begin?
Who gave the name 'Sundara' to Hanuman?
What does beautiful mean?
Which nymph was born as a monkey named Anjana?
Who was the monkey who married Anjana?
Kesari was on which mountain?
Which demon tortures the sages by violating the rituals?
Whom do the sages forcibly call and order the killing of Sambhasadhanunni?
Whom did Kesari and his wife worship for their offspring?
In what form did the god of air show the vitality of Lord Shiva?
Who is the son of Anjana?
Who is the main villain of Ramayana?
What is a Hindu epic?
Ravana was the head of which kingdom?
In which country is Ravana still worshiped?
Whose devotee is Ravana?
What is the example of Ravana?
Which is the most famous epic in Indian literature?
Who wrote the Ramayana in Sanskrit?
What is Valmiki famous for?
When was the Ramayana written?
Ramayana In which epoch did Valmiki tell the story of Ramayana poetry?
The story of Ramayana is in circulation in which country besides India?
On which island in Indonesia is the Ramayana popularly known as a dance drama?
Which is the capital of Kosala?
Which country is ruled by Dasharatha?
Dasharatha belonged to which dynasty?
What are the names of Dasaratha's wives?
From whom did Ravana receive boons?
To whom did Deva Gandharva not die due to Yaksha demons?
Which god gave birth to Naruda to kill Ravana after forgiving the prayers of the gods?
How many children did Dasharatha have?
Who was Adisesha?
Who invented the conch chakras?
What are the names of Dasaratha's sons?
Whose house is growing as Srimahalakshmi Sita?
Who is in Kishkinda?
Who was the patron saint of Rama, Bharata, Lakshmana and Shatrughan?
Which sage came to Dasaratha and asked him to send Rama Lakshmana with him?
On whose advice did Dasaratha send Vishwamitra?
What education did Vishwamitra teach Rama Lakshmana?
Who killed the monster Tataki?
Who is cursed to touch Rama's foot?
Which is the capital city of Janakuni?
In whose swayamvara did Lord Rama participate?
Who broke the bow of Lord Shiva?
What is the name of Lakshmana's wife?
What is the name of Mandvi's husband?
What is the name of Shatrughan's wife?
Who confronted Rama on the way?
Who is the stepmother of Ramu?
To whom did Dasharatha decide to give the throne?
Who is Kaikei Chelikatte?
Who will be the queen mother if Lord Rama reigns?
How many wishes did Dasharatha give to Kaikei?
What was Kaikei's first wish?
Which monster was cursed by Rama Lakshmana?
Sitaramalakshmana visited the ashrams of which of these sages?
Parnasala was built on the banks of which river?
Which monster came to Parnassus?
Who cut the nose and ears of Surpanakha?
Who are the brothers of Surpanakha demons?
How many demons will attack Ramu with solid blasphemy?
In which animal form did Ravana send Marichudi?
Who kidnapped Sita?
Ravana did not cut off the wings of which bird?
What did Jatayuu say to Ramu?
Atukuri Molla belongs to which century?
Who was born into a pottery family?
 Molla is credited with being the king of which time?
What is Molla style?
What year does Molla seem to have lived before?
What is the family name of Molla?
Who is Ajanmabrahmacharini?
By whose gift did Molla learn poetry?
Where is Sri Ramalayam?
 The locals claim that who stayed in Gopavaram?
What is Molla caste?
Where did Paddana & Tenali Ramalingadu come from?
Sri Krishnadeva Rayalu was the emperor of which city?
How old was Sri Krishna Deva Raya when he ascended the throne?
Krishnarayan is revered by the people of which region as one of the great emperors who ruled India?
By what name is Lord Krishna Rayalu glorified?
When was the reign of Krishnarayana?
Who served as the Commander-in-Chief at Saluva Narasanayaka?
What is the name of the father of Sri Krishnadevaraya?
What was the son of Narasanayaka Devarayalu?
What is the mother name of Sri Krishnadevaraya?
In which place were the Devarayas born?
Who ruled Gandikota?
By whose writings is information about the rule of the Devarayas known?
Domingo Pace, Nuniz‌ From which country?
Who is the Prime Minister of Rayas?
What do the Krishnarayas call Thimmarusu?
Chennai is the capital of which state?
Chennai is the largest metropolis in India.
The city of Chennai is on the shores of which sea?
Which was the capital of Andhra Pradesh till 1953?
Who laid down his life for Andhra Pradesh, the capital of Madras?
What was the former name of Chennai?
To what is Andhra Sri Ramu compared without Madras?
What is the population of Chennai city according to 2007 census?
How many years of history does Chennai have?
What is the position of Chennai city in terms of trade and industry in India?
The city of Chennai is the focal point of which?
Which of these industries in India is concentrated in Chennai?
Why is Chennai known as Detroit of Southeast Asia?
Outsourcing is mostly done from which city?
How long is Marina Beach?
Which of these sports competitions is held in Chennai?
What is the name of the wildlife sanctuary in Chennai?
Which is also known as the gateway to South India?
Colorado is a state in which country?
What is the name of a city in the US state of Colorado?
How many national highways are there from Chennai?
Which city has national highways from Chennai?
CMBT What does that mean?
How many public sector transport companies are there?
Where is CMBT ?
What is the local train system like in Chennai?
Where is the railway system from north to south?
Where is the railway system from east to west?
Which route has the highest density of train services?
How many minutes does a train run during peak hours?
In whose time were the local electric trains launched?
What is located at Meenambakkam ?
What are the names of the two terminals?
Which is the most popular sport in India?
Where is Chepauk Stadium?
In which year was the Chepauk Stadium built?
Which is the birthplace of Tamil Nadu State Cricket Association?
What is the new name of Chepauk Stadium?
How many spectators are likely to watch the game in the stadium?
In which year was India's first Test match played?
How many Test tie matches have been recorded in the world?
With which country did India's first Test match take place?
In which year was the match between India and Pakistan played?
The Independence Cup was held between whom?
Where is the Chemplast Cricket Stadium?
How many runs did Saeed Anwar score?
When was the India-Australia Test played?
What is the name of the beach in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India along the Bay of Bengal?
What is Marina Beach called?
Where does Marina Beach start in the north?
How many visitors does it attract per day on weekends?
How far south is Marina Beach?
How many visitors per day on weekends and holidays?
How long is Marina Beach?
During the summer months, how many people visit the beach every day?
What is legally prohibited at the beach?
What is the average width of the beach?
Mahabalipuram is in which district?
Kanchi district is in which state?
Mahabalipuram is located at a distance of 66 km from which town?
How far is Mahabalipuram from Chennai?
What is Mahabalipuram called in Tamil?
The temple at Mahabalipuram is maintained by whom?
What is a magnificent sculptural base?
How many places to visit in Mahabalipuram can be divided into?
There is no charge for photos to see which areas?
How far are the Pandava chariots from Pavu?
Which areas do you charge for photos to see?
Which is the third place to visit in Mahabalipuram?
Which way to get off the bus to see the Seashore Temple?
Which is the most magnificent tomb in India?
Where is the Taj Mahal?
In whose memory was the Taj Mahal built by Shah Jahan?
Which emperor built the Taj Mahal?
What is the name of Shah Jahan's wife?
The Taj Mahal is a great example of what?
In which year did the Taj Mahal become a UNESCO World Heritage Site?
In whose architectural style was the Taj Mahal built?
Which is the most famous part of Taj Mahal?
In which year did the construction of Taj Mahal begin?
In which year was the Taj Mahal completed?
The Taj Mahal is made of which stone?
How many sculptors worked for the construction of Taj Mahal?
Who is a member of the Council of Architects?
Who is the chief architect of Taj Mahal?
 When was Shah Jahan Emperor?
Mumtaz Mahal was the wife of which Shah Jahan?
Who was the emperor of the Mughal Empire?
Mumtaz Mahal gave birth to which child and died?
Who is the fourteenth child of Mumtaz Mahal?
What did Mumtaz Mahal ask Shah Jahan in the final stages?
History has traditionally said that what inspired the Taj Mahal?
In which year was the main tomb completed?
How many years did the surrounding buildings and park take to complete?
With what did the udder skill?
On which side is the garden face?
How many meters long are the interior rooms?
In what sense is the dome of the inner dome decorated?
How many Pishtak arches are there?
How many mid-upper arches are there from the viewing area?
What jolly do the exterior windows of each balcony have?
What is the living room wall decorated with?
What are the boundaries for empty tombs?
What forms do the remaining surfaces make?
What are the three sides of the Taj Mahal?
Who are the tombs of Shah Jahan along with his other wives?
What is outside the walls of the Taj Mahal?
What is on one side of the Taj Mahal?
Tomb structures are basically composed of which stone?
Which of these is a symbol of garden-facing arches?
On which side of Agra is the Taj Mahal built?
To whom did Shah Jahan gift a large space?
Roughly how many acres were dug to reduce water spillage?
How many meters high is the river bank?
What is the area dug and filled with to reduce water spillage?
Nuts were dug in the tomb area and filled with what?
What did the workers build at the height of the tomb instead of bamboo?
How many days did it take to dismantle the sap?
Butterflies belong to which bird species?
In what order do butterflies belong?
How many life stages are there in the life of a butterfly?
What has become a hobby for celebrities?
What is the first stage in the life of a butterfly?
What is the second stage in the life of a butterfly?
What is the third stage in the life of a butterfly?
What is light with a constant wavelength called?
How is light with different wavelengths?
How many colors are commonly found in nature?
What are the seven most common types of color?
What does different colors of light depend on?
What range of colors are visible to the eye?
Which cells in the retina detect rays?
Cone cells in the retina detect rays and provide information to whom?
When is International Color Day celebrated?
Through what does the eye detect light and provide information to the brain?
What is the most important sense organ in humans?
Where are the two sides fitted to the human?
Which of the following functions in humans?
To what do the eyes send external appearances?
 How many designs do creatures have eyes for structurally?
What percentage of animal species is complex?
In which creature are the eyes clearly visible?
What do all living things have simple eyes?
Do microorganisms detect the presence of light in the environment and tell only the difference between the two?
Eyes in complex organisms Through which cells does information reach the brain?
Which rings are regulated based on microorganisms?
How many people in India need corneas?
What are corneas?
How many people need extra corneas each year?
Who is fitted with corneas collected through eye donation?
Who should I call if I am interested in donating an eye?
To whom are the collected eyes sent if they do not match the people on the list they have?
What kind of eye donation can they make?
What is the age limit for eye donation?
What protects the brain?
Which is the most important center for all the senses?
In what area do neurons change their shape to suit injuries?
 What are the symptoms of the brain?
Research has shown that men have more than just memory?
At what age are boys 3.63 points higher in intelligence?
Where is the mouth on the man's face?
Which are suitable for opening or closing the mouth?
Where is the mouthpiece on the man's face?
What does the back of the mouth meet?
Where does digestion start?
What's inside the mouth?
What is food mixed with?
How much fluid does a man take in his mouth?
What is the tongue made of?
The tongue is part of what?
What makes us taste?
What is the use of the tongue?
Why is the tongue always wet?
What's underneath the bottom of the mouth?
What is the study of the tongue called?
What does the drug dissolve quickly and reach?
What's a medicine?
What are the pills to take when heart attack occurs?
 What is a fungal disease?
What does the tongue look like when the human body is dehydrated?
In what diseases is the tongue crooked?
What can cause oral cancer?
What device did scientists design so that blind people could see with their tongues?
What is the nose called?
In which part of the head is the sense organ located?
What's under the nose?
How many nostrils are there?
What is the top of the nose associated with?
What separates the two nostrils?
What determines the shape of the nose?
What is a bird's face called?
What are the nipples between the breasts called?
What is it called to moan with pain?
What are some substances called spoilage?
What is the cord pierced from inside their nose to control it?
Also known as conjunctivitis, conjunctivitis?
What digests food?
What substances breaks down food?
In which of the following are some of the nutrients in chemicals combined?
Where do nutrients from the bloodstream first reach?
What causes certain chemicals released by the liver?
What are the components of the human digestive system?
Where does the digestive system start?
What ends up at the small intestine?
What does the digestive system end up with?
What are the physicians who study the gastrointestinal tract called?
Which system of blood vessels in the body supplies good blood to different parts of the body and returns bad blood to the heart?
Where does bad blood go?
What is the circulatory system made of?
Which muscle supplies blood throughout the body through the blood vessels?
What carries oxygenated blood away from the heart?
What carries deoxygenated blood to the heart?
What is in the urinary system?
Kids have an extensive blood supply through which?
Where are the functional units called nephrons?
What are the smooth muscles that carry urine toward the bladder made of?
What is the difference between male and female urinary system?
What begins inside the functional unit of the kidney, the nephron?
What makes the collecting vessels smaller together?
What do the kidneys meet in the pelvis?
Where does the urine flow from the kidney pelvis?
Where does the bladder begin in men?
What are the major organs of the respiratory system?
Where are the lungs arranged?
Which ones protect the lungs?
Which gas from the atmosphere is pumped into the bloodstream?
By what means does carbon dioxide emit gas?
What produces the air that humans need to speak?
How many lungs are there in humans?
Which lung is larger?
How much do the two lungs weigh together?
Which lung weighs?
When was Kalam born?
Who is the 11th President of India?
What is the full name of Abdul Kalam?
Rameshwaram is in which state?
Where was Abdul Kalam born?
 Where is St. Joseph's College located?
In which college did Kalam attend?
Which graduate did you graduate from Madras Institute of Technology?
Kalam studied which science at St. Joseph's College?
Where is the Madras Institute of Technology located?
When did Kalam die?
What was Kalam doing before becoming the President of India?
In which company does Kalam work as an aerospace engineer?
What is ISRO?
What did people call Kalam Gari?
Who contributed to the development of ballistic missile and launch vehicle technology?
When was the Pokhran-II nuclear test conducted in India?
Which party has nominated Kalam Gari as its candidate?
Which party supported Kalam Gari as President?
When was the presidential election held?
On whom did Kalam win the Presidential election?
What is the title of the book written by Kalam?
Which is the only civilian award of India?
Where did Kalam collapse?
Where is the Indian Institute of Management Shillong located?
At what age did Kalam die?
What was the cause of death of Kalam?
Where did Kalam's funeral take place?
When was Kalam elected President of India?
How many votes did Kalam win with a majority?
On which date did Kalam take office as President?
How old is Lakshmi Sehgal?
Who strengthened Lakshmi Sehgal as an opponent?
Who was the leader who fought against the British government?
Who is the only woman to head the women's wing of the Indian National Army?
How many amnesty requests were received during Kalam's tenure?
In how many cases did Kalam not decide on the pardon requests?
Who is the most famous Indian cricketer in the history of world cricket?
What is Tendulkar's full name?
When was Tendulkar born?
Who is the most popular cricketer in India?
When did you complete the 200th Test match?
How many Test matches has Sachin played in his career?
When did Sachin retire from international cricket?
With which award did the Government of India honor Sachin?
Who was the first player to win the Bharat Ratna award?
When was Virat Kohli born?
When was the U / 19 Cricket World Cup held?
In which academy did Virat study cricket?
Where was the U / 19 Cricket World Cup held?
Which team did Kohli represent in first-class cricket?
Who is the captain of Indian team in U / 19 Cricket World Cup?
When did Royal Challengers Bangalore start playing?
What is the position of Kohli in ICC ODI rankings?
Virat is famous for which shots?
How many points did Kohli score in ICC ODI rankings?
With which arm can Kohli bowl?
When did Kohli play in the Indian Premier League?
Why did Royal Challengers Bangalore buy Kohli?
How many matches did Kohli play in the first season of IPL?
How many runs did Kohli score in the first season of IPL?
How many wickets did Kohli take in the first season of IPL?
How many matches did Kohli play in the second season of IPL?
How many runs did Kohli score in the second season of IPL?
In which season did Virat score two half centuries?
 Royal Challengers Bangalore preferred Kohli over whom?
How many runs did Kohli play in the second season of IPL?
When was Rajamouli born?
What is Rajamouli professionally called?
What is the full name of Rajamouli?
Rajamouli works in which film industry?
What is the profession of Rajamouli?
When was Magadheera released?
Which film was screened at the American Fantastic Fest?
Which film was the most original film at the Toronto After Dark Film Festival?
Bahubali: The Beginning is nominated for which award?
Which film won the American Saturn, and the Australian Telstra People's Choice Awards for Best International Film?
How many crores did the Bahubali franchise earn?
Which is the highest grossing Indian film?
Rajamouli is often regarded as one of the best directors in which field?
Which action film was made by Rajamouli?
At which film festival were the films Sai and Vikrama screened?
Which of these films has been remade in various Indian languages?
How many National Film Awards has Rajamouli won?
How many Southern Filmfare Awards did Rajamouli get?
How many state Nandi awards did Rajamouli get?
How many Saima Awards did Rajamouli get?
In which year did Rajamouli become the Entertainer of the Year?
Which is the fourth highest civilian award of India?
In which year did Rajamouli receive the Padma Shri?
Under whose guidance did Rajamouli start directing?
On which channel did Rajamouli start directing?
Rajamouli directed which program?
Rajamouli directed which TV series?
In which year was Student No.1 taken?
Which is Rajamouli's second film?
How many years did it take for Simhadri to make a film?
With which Malayalam actor did Rajamouli plan his first legendary film?
Which was Rajamouli's third film?
Who are the actors in the movie 'Sai'?
Psy movie is based on which game?
Who is the composer of the film 'Chhatrapati'?
Who is the cinematographer of the film Chhatrapati?
In which year did Rajamouli get married?
What is the profession of Rama?
Whom did Rajamouli marry?
Whom did Rajamouli adopt?
Jagapathi Babu is an actor of which language?
Whose niece is Pooja Prasad?
Whom did Karthikeyan marry?
When did Rajamouli say that he was an atheist?
In May 2017, Rajamouli visited which temple along with his family?
Rajamouli wanted the blessings of which God to always be upon him?
Chiranjeevi is a language actor of which language?
What do Telugu audiences call Chiranjeevi?
When was Chiranjeevi born?
Chiranjeevi was the Minister of which department in the Union Government?
What is Chiranjeevi's real name?
When did Chiranjeevi become the Minister of Tourism?
When did Chiranjeevi resign as Tourism Minister?
Which dance is named after Chiranjeevi?
In how many films has Chiranjeevi acted?
Apart from Telugu, in which other languages ​​did Chiranjeevi act?
How many years has Chiranjeevi been an actor?
How many Filmfare South awards did Chiranjeevi get?
With which award did the Government of Andhra Pradesh honor Chiranjeevi?
How many Nandi Awards did Chiranjeevi win?
In which year was Chiranjeevi awarded the Padma Bhushan?
Which university awarded honorary doctorate?
How many fan clubs does Chiranjeevi have in the country?
With which film did Chiranjeevi start his acting career?
When were the foundation stones released?
Which film was released before the foundation stones?
Which film starred Chiranjeevi in ​​1987?
Autobiography has been translated into which language?
Swayamkrishi was screened at which film festival?
Chiranjeevi won the Andhra Pradesh Government Nandi Award for Best Actor for which film?
In which year did he receive the Andhra Pradesh Government Nandi Award for Best Actor?
To which major event did Chiranjeevi go as one of the Indian delegates?
When was the movie Rudraveena released?
Which film did Chiranjeevi co-produce?
Rudraveena won the National Award for Best Picture for which film?
Who is the director of the film 'Gharana Mogudu'?
When did Chiranjeevi star in the film Gharana Mogudu?
Which was the first Telugu film to gross over Rs 10 crore?
Gharana Mogudu was screened at which film festival?
In which category was the Gharana Mogudu screened at the film festival?
Who is the Bollywood giant?
Which magazine compared Chiranjeevi to Bollywood legend Amitabh Bachchan?
Which headlines about Chiranjeevi were published by Filmfare and India Today?
What did The Week magazine describe Chiranjeevi?
In which year did the troublemaker come?
How many rupees did Apadbandhavudu get for the film?
Where was Chiranjeevi born?
By what child was Chiranjeevi born?
What is the name of Chiranjeevi's mother?
What is the name of Chiranjeevi's father?
Mughalsarai is in which district?
What is Konidela Venkatrao doing?
Who was Chiranjeevi with in his childhood?
In which town did Chiranjeevi get his primary education?
Why did Chiranjeevi join the student phase?
In which decade did he take part in the parade in New Delhi?
From which college did you complete Intermediate?
Where is CSR Sharma College located?
In which science did Chiranjeevi graduate?
In which college did Chiranjeevi graduate?
Shri Y.N. Where is the college?
In which year did Chiranjeevi go to Chennai?
Why did Chiranjeevi join for training in acting?
With whom was Chiranjeevi married?
Who is the daughter of Allu Ramalingaiah?
On what date was Chiranjeevi married?
How many daughters does Chiranjeevi have?
How many sons did Chiranjeevi have?
What is the profession of Ram Charan?
What is the name of Chiranjeevi's sons?
Who is the founder of Janasena Party?
Who is Chiranjeevi Bawa?
Who are the sons of Allu Arvind?
What is the name of Nagendrababu Koduku?
What is the name of Nagendrababu's daughter?
Who is the nephew of Chiranjeevi?
What are the major private networks in Indian Telecom?
In how many countries are Airtel services available?
What is the full name of BSNL?
Which is the only public sector telecommunications company in India?
Where is BSNL headquartered?
When was BSNL incorporated?
What percentage of BSNL's market share is in India?
What is the largest mobile telephony provider of BSNL?
Which is the oldest communication service provider in India?
How many million subscribers did BSNL have as of June 2015?
What are the rewards each day for scientists who have worked in physics, chemistry, literature, and medicine, and for the greats who have worked for world peace?
In which year were the Nobel Prizes launched?
Who is the famous Swedish scientist?
Since when is the Alfred Nobel Prize awarded?
By what means is the Alfred Nobel Prize awarded?
The Nobel Prizes are a testament to what is the highest reward?
Each year, except for which prize are the other five prizes awarded on the day of Nobel's death?
Every year, where are the five prizes given?
Each year, when are the five gifts given?
What is the natural science that studies matter, its motions, behavior, relative forces, and forces through space-time?
Physics is one of the disciplines?
What is the main goal of physics?
What has been the impetus for the development of mechanical science?
Where did the corona virus originate?
When was the corona virus discovered?
Which of the following is a virus?
Corona virus affects which system?
How many people died in Wuhan due to the virus?
Who was the first doctor to detect the symptoms of this virus?
What does corona mean in coronavirus?
What is the meaning of the Latin word corona?
What is ‘MERS COV’?
What are the symptoms of MERS COV and SARS COV?
Research has shown that the SARS COV virus can be transmitted to humans by whom?
What chemicals does the immune system release to fight the virus?
When was the coronavirus first detected?
As of March 5, 2020, how many cases have been diagnosed worldwide?
What is the risk of losing a life if some do not get it?
Which was the first drug to give the highest results in reducing corona mortality according to some research in Britain?
Where was the coronavirus first identified?
What is the meaning of 'Laddu has a geographical production license'?
Which of these offerings was introduced in the Thirumala temple in the mid 19th century?
Which of these prasads acquired the position of Kramepi Vada?
What are the ingredients used for making laddu prasad?
What was the prasadam initially offered to the devotees?
Which of these was introduced in 1468 AD?
What was it about the 1940s that finally changed the nature of prasadam in so many ways?
Who is credited with introducing the marriage ceremony of Srivariki and Sridevi Bhudevi in ​​Thirumala in 1536 AD?
In which year was the TTD Governing Body formed?
How many crores is the annual budget of the governing body of the richest Hindu temple in the world?
TTD is the second largest financial institution after which?
What is Titiday maintaining 19 records for?
Under whose supervision will the treasury cell set up by Titiday for the maintenance of Swami's jewelery continue?
For the convenience of the devotees, the council has undertaken the development of which structure at a cost of Rs. 26,000?
What is the second project headed by the council?
Who is credited with undertaking so many successful projects in those days when the latest technology was not available?
Titiday's governing body is the first E.W. Who?
What is the full name of TripleIT Hyderabad?
When was IIIT-H founded?
Where is IIIT-H?
In which disciplines does IIIT-H conduct research?
Who was the IT Secretary to the State Government in 1998?
Who was the first director of the International Institute of Information Technology Hyderabad?
What did Professor Rajiv Sangal create?
Which university in the United States runs the IIIT MSIT program in collaboration?
What is the area of ​​IIIT approximately?
How many buildings are corporate schools and research centers in total?
What are the buildings named after?
What are the names of Nilgiris, Vindhya and Himalaya?
What is the speed of a 24 hour high bandwidth internet connection at the institute?
By what means are all notices and relevant information sent?
By what means is everything from picking up couriers to mess registration?
Where is the T-Hub?
Which is the largest incubation center in India?
What was set up with the aim of providing a supportive environment along with financial and guidance support for new startups in the region?
The story of this film revolves around which village?
What was the occupation of the king?
Where in Rajasthan is the village where the king was attacked and assassinated?
Where is the most valuable mineral in the world?
Who played the role of village headman in this film?
Why did Brahmanandam enter the Guinness Book of Records in 2010?
With which award did the Government of India honor Brahmanandam Gari?
How many Nandi Awards did Brahmanandam receive for Best Comedian?
Brahmanandam received an honorary doctorate from which university?
Who was the first person to put make-up on Brahmananda in front of a movie camera?
Which was the first film starring Brahmanandam?
Who was the protagonist of the first film starring Brahmanandam?
Which of these films starring Brahmanandam was first released?
When is Brahmanandam Gary's birthday?
'Ah! My wedding! ' Who is the director of the film?
Which river is the longest river in India?
At which point does the river Godavari enter Telangana?
At which place does the river Godavari converge in the Bay of Bengal?
The Godavari River joins which sea?
Bhadrachalam is on the banks of which river?
What is the total length of Godavari river?
By what name is Akhanda Godavari known?
What are the seven tributaries of the Akhanda Godavari near Dhavaleswaram?
Which of these rivers flows in seven tributaries from Akhanda Godavari near Dhavaleswaram?
By which name are the seven tributaries of the Akhanda Godavari near Dhavaleswaram named?
How did Gautama Maharshi liberate his fellow sages and their disciples from famine with food and drink?
How did the sages destroy Gautama's crops out of jealousy that Gautama had taposaktis that they did not have?
What happened to the cow when Gautama defeated Darbha?
What is the name of the Ganga that Gautama brought to earth to appease Lord Shiva for the cure of cow slaughter?
Where is Goshpada Kshetra now, the abode of the cow?
Which is popularly known as the Wine Capital of India?
What is the approximate population of the fast growing city of Nashik as per 2006 census?
Who is also known as Trimbakeshwar?
What is the meaning of 'Ambaka' in 'Trimbakeshwar'?
What does trinity mean?
To which three positions is the Trinitarian sound described as the guardian of Lord Shiva?
In which town is the ancient Trimbakeshwar Temple located?
Trimbakam is the birthplace of which holy river?
Where was Dada Saheb Phalke, the famous father of Siniranga born?
The Golconda Fort was first captured by whom in 1323?
Which was the capital of the Bahmani kingdom in 1347?
During the reign of Muhammad Shah, who was sent by the Musunuri Kapaya leader to recapture the fort of Kaulas?
In 1361, a dispute arose between Muhammad Shah and Vinayaka Dev over which issue?
When was the Golconda Fort lost to the Hindus?
Who ruled the Golconda Fort after the Hindus?
What led to a military confrontation between India and Pakistan in 1971?
What is considered to be the suspected instigated attack that preceded the war?
How many days did this war last, which is considered to be one of the shortest wars in history?
The war ended effectively after the Pakistani military forces of which command signed the surrender document?
After the surrender of December 16, 1971, East Pakistan became a part of which country?
What did India do to the approximately 97,368 West Pakistanis in East Pakistan at the time of East Pakistan's independence?
How many of the 97,368 West Pakistanis detained by India as prisoners of war are civilians?
After which election did the Bangladesh Liberation War erupt?
Which party won a narrow majority in the Majlis-e-Shura (Parliament of Pakistan) in Pakistan elections?
On November 23, Yahya Khan declared a state of emergency in Pakistan and called on the people to be prepared for what?
What action did the Pakistan Air Force take on the eight Indian bases on the orders of Yahya Khan to attack the Indian air bases at 5.30 pm on December 3?
Why was the Taj Mahal covered with leaves, twigs and hemp during this war?
The Pakistani air force is targeting a range of 480 km from the border. What is the farthest place?
How many Indian bases have been bombed by Pakistan Air Force?
Who is the President of Pakistan who resigned due to this war?
After the resignation of Yahya Khan, the President of Pakistan, who went to Bangladesh and came to power?
How many Indian soldiers were killed in this war?
Almost how much army did Pakistan lose due to this war?
Whom did the Pakistani army, along with its local comrades, kill while on the verge of defeat?
While on the verge of defeat, the Pakistani army, along with local comrades, killed intellectuals as part of which massacre?
What did India do to the territory of Pakistan for the 15,000 sq km it won in the war with the Shimla Accord?
Why did India sign the Shimla Agreement?
Which is the largest country in East Asia?
Which country has the largest population in the world with a population of over 130 crores (1.3 billion)?
How many billion is the population of China, the world's largest population?
What is the capital of China?
Which is the largest city in China?
What are the two autonomous territories in China?
Also known as the Salt Satyagraha?
Salt Satyagraha In defiance of which of these did Gandhi make a pilgrimage?
Since when did the Salt Satyagraha take place?
How many kilometers did Gandhi walk with thousands of satyagrahas as part of the Salt Satyagraha?
Where did Mahatma Gandhi start his journey with his 79 Satyagraha volunteers?
How many Satyagraha volunteers did Mahatma Gandhi start this expedition with?
Where did the Salt Satyagraha expedition end 24 days later?
Which is the most famous epic in Indian literature?
According to literary history, Ramayana was written in which language?
In which period did Valmiki tell the story of Ramayana poetry?
On which Indonesian island is the Ramayana dance drama famous?
The Ramayana epic is divided into how many stems (parts)?
How many thousands of hymns are there in the Ramayana actually written to Valmiki?
What is the seventh stalk that Valmiki thinks is not writing?
Whose work is the seventh stem, the northern stem, not written by?
What does stem mean?
Why do scholars explain that the name Ramayana Katamu is reasonable?
What are the subdivisions of each stem called?
What is the real name of Rudramadevi?
Whom did Kakatiya Ganapati marry?
Whose sisters did Kakatiya Ganapati marry?
Who is the daughter of Kakatiya Ganapati?
Which inscription states that Lord Kakatiya married the sisters of the ruler Jayapasena, Naramba and Perambala?
To whom did Lord Ganapati give his daughter Rudramadevi and marry her?
Who is the mother of Prataparudra?
Whom did Rudramamba adopt and crown as a prince?
When was the Lucknow Lake formed?
On whose hands was the Lucknow Lake formed?
Lake Lucknow stands as a testament to which special interest of the Kakatiya kings ?
How many main sluices are there in Lucknow Lake?
How many main canals were constructed for irrigation during the construction of the lake?
Which lake fills with rain inland in the forest area of ​​Khammam district?
How many main sluices release water and store it in a nearby reservoir?
Water is released through main sluices and stored in which nearby reservoir?
Aturunagaram Wildlife Sanctuary is spread over an area of ​​how many square kilometers?
Aturunagaram Wildlife Sanctuary is in which district?
In which river does the Jampanna Vagua meet?
How many doctors are there in a community health center in Aturunagaram?
Bogata Falls is in which district?
Bogata Falls is located at a distance of 20 km from any state border. In the distance?
During which months, heavy water aggression is seen near Bogata Falls?
Forgotten Bogata Waterfalls?
How many feet high is the Bogata Waterfalls?
How to reach Wajedu Mandal from Kottagudem via Bhadrachalam
How many km from Warangal to Bogata Falls? Will there be distance?
What is the name of the ashram near Perantalapally?
In the 1800s, where did Muniswara come from on his launch from Bhadrachalam and stay at Perantalapally?
Where in Godavari does the river Godavari originate?
How many miles does the Godavari flow over and finally merge with the ocean?
In which sea does the river Godavari finally converge?
Why did the river Godavari get the name 'Godavari'?
Which river got its name 'Godavari' as it flows over the Go carcass?
Which zodiac sign does Jupiter enter?
What is the journey of many Hindus to reach a place for cultural activities?
The regular Kumbh Mela is held once in how many years?
Half Kumbh Mela is held once in how many years?
Where is the Ardha Kumbh Mela held?
Where is the Purna Kumbha Mela held once in every twelve years?
What is the name of the event held in Allahabad once in one hundred and forty four years?
Where is the Maha Kumbh Mela held?
Maha Kumbh Mela After how many full Kumbh Melas is held?
How many people attended the last Maha Kumbh Mela in 2001?
When was the last Maha Kumbh Mela held?
In which year did the Chinese traveler Huan Tsang visit India?
Which Chinese traveler visited India between 629-645?
What is mentioned in the writings of Huan Tsang?
In whose writings does the first mention of Kumbha Mela appear?
In the Puranas what do the gods do to lose their power and earn nectar to regain it?
Whose help do the gods seek for elixir?
Where is it believed that Lord Vishnu took a jug of nectar and fled and sprinkled some drops of nectar?
Which festival is celebrated on the day of the new moon?
How many days before the Rath Yatra, work on the Vaishakha Multiple Education Day begins?
Who identifies the plants that are needed?
How much wood is required to build chariots?
On which day does a team of sculptors, led by the High Priest, start making chariots?
Where is the tiger in the food chain?
The tiger belongs to which family?
What is the estimated tiger population for 2015?
What are the major causes of tiger population decline?
Which creature is often seen hunting in the deep lake of Ranthambore National Park?
Where does the male male tiger establish its kingdom?
What size mammals do tigers eat most in the wild?
What do tigers like to eat in the wild?
With the influence of Hinduism and Buddhism, in which places kingdoms were formed from the 7th century to the 14th century?
The arrival of Indian Gujarati Arab traders led to the downfall of which kingdom in the archipelago?
Which is the largest tribal fair in India?
Approximately how many people came to the fair in February 2008?
How many years is this fair held once on the full moon day of Magha?
How much is the bus fare for children from Hanmakonda Bus Stand to Medaram?
Sammakka-Saralamma, a tribal heroine, fought against which Kakatiya king and died a heroic death?
Which of these fairs is more popular in India than the Medaram Jatara?
When was the state government declared Medaram Jatara as a state festival?
What did the Sammakka-Saralammas fight for?
Who was the feudal lord of the Kakatiyas who ruled the Medaram region at that time?
How many days does this fair, which is held every two years, last?
What is TRS?
Who founded Teresa?
Who was the other leader to accompany Kalvakuntla Chandrasekhara Rao who founded Teresa on April 27, 2001?
Which community in the old town said that Rafatrsha Azampura was not against Telangana?
What is the name of the residence of Konda Lakshman Bapuji?
How long has the TRS party been active in the watershed?
Why did the UPA government withdraw its announcement on December 9, 2009 that it would begin the process towards the formation of Telangana?
Which of these TRS meetings was attended by 20 lakh people in Warangal?
For what did KCR form the TRS party?
What is the boundary of an area that cannot be retraced?
What else behaves like a black body in not reflecting light?
Quantum field theory predicts what radiation event horizons emit?
Why is it impossible to observe a black hole?
What happens to the nurse in the scuffle between Valmiki and the nurse?
What happens to Valmiki in the scuffle between Valmiki and the nurse?
To Valmiki, who was the owner of the company where Ramachandra worked as a colleague?
Who played the role of Valmiki in this film?
Where was Allu Arjun born and raised?
How many children did his parents have?
When did Allu Arjun learn gymnastics?
Who is the son of Chiranjeevi?
Whom do fans call a stylish star?
What was the first Supreme Court of India called?
When did the name of the Supreme Court, also known as the Federal Court, become the Supreme Court?
Where was the inaugural meeting of the Supreme Court held?
Based on which of these Supreme Court judges is it customary to appoint a Chief Justice?
By which system are judges appointed to the highest posts in the Indian judiciary, the High Court and the Supreme Court?
The Modi-led central government failed in its attempt to abolish any British legal system?
For what reasons are some couples abusing the possibility of divorce?
In which families are divorces more common?
Which governor general gave permission to private companies to set up a railway system in 1844?
Why was the Godavari Dam Construction Railway built at Dolslevam in Rajahmundry in 1845?
The Solani Aqueduct Railway was built at Roorkee in 1851 and is powered by steam locomotives named after which British official?
Which railway was used to transport construction materials for a canal on the Solani River?
Between which station did the first passenger train Boribandar run in 1853?
What is the total travel distance between Bombay and Thane?
Based on the Copenhagenic climate classification, the Indian climate is divided into how many major sections?
Which region of northern India is based on the Copenhagenic climate classification?
What is the monsoon season between?
In which months does summer come?
Who is the Chief Minister of Telangana?
Where was the 'Harithaharam' program for Telangana officially launched?
How many nurseries have been set up across the state as part of the greening program for Telangana?
On which river is the Kaleshwar Excavation Project being constructed?
How many acres is the strategic area of ​​Kaleshwar Upliftment Project?
Which was the largest project undertaken after the formation of the state of Telangana?
Which is the largest multi-stage lift irrigation project in the world today?
The Kaleswaram project is located at the confluence of which river?
How many TMCs of water were lifted into the Nandimedaram Reservoir by the first motor in the Dharmaram Zone Nandimedaram Under Tunnel on April 24, 2019 as part of the Sixth Package?
Who was the Chief Minister's Special Secretary who inaugurated the first 124.4 MW Motor Vehicle at Nandimedaram Pump House?
What is the major problem with diversion of Godavari water in canals in Telangana?
The Telangana region is on which plateau?
How many TMCs per day is the Kaleshwaram scheme designed to divert water from the Godavari River for ninety days?
The Kaleshwaram scheme was designed to divert water from which river?
Ranganaikasagar Reservoir was built as part of which uplift scheme?
Ranganayakasagar Reservoir How many acres of strategic land is irrigated in Rajna Sirisilla districts?
Ranganayakasagar Reservoir was built with a capacity of how many TMCs?
What is the construction cost of Ranganaikasagar Reservoir?
The Ranganaikasagar Reservoir was inaugurated on April 24, 2020 by which minister?
What is the length of the approach channel?
How many motors with 134.5 MW were installed at Chandlapur pump house to lift Godavari waters into Ranganaiksagar reservoir?
Godavari waters are pumped into which reservoir by 4 motors in Chandlapur pumphouse?
Where was the barrage built as part of the Kaleshwar Upliftment Scheme to divert water from the Godavari River?
When was Chandrasekhar Rao of Kalwakuntla born?
Who is the Founding President of Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS Party)?
Who was the first Chief Minister of Telangana after the formation of Telangana?
In which position did Kalwakuntla Chandrasekhar Rao work from 2004 to 2006?
What was the result of contesting from Mahabubnagar constituency in 15th Lok Sabha?
In which election did KCR win for the second time as the Chief Minister of Telangana?